OSDOCS-10838-new: Documented the 4.14.29 z-stream release notes (#77296)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

> / 4.14.29

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# // 4.14.29
```
This text is appearing in the preview.

Author: Good catch. Updated.

[id="ocp-4-14-29"]

> === RHBA-2024:3697 - {product-title} 4.14.29 bug fix update and security update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== RHBA-2024:3697 - {product-title} 4.14.29 bug fix and security update
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> Issued: 2024-06-13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issued: 2024-06-11
```
Looks like this one shipped live yesterday?

Author: Unfortunetly, the release slipped byt a day because of a CVE issue. The following adviosires were shipped on the 13th:

- https://errata.devel.redhat.com/advisory/133125
- https://errata.devel.redhat.com/advisory/133127

Author: ![Screenshot from 2024-06-13 12-43-11](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/36793144-f099-4cd8-828b-4f3640ab9a35)

Reviewer: Argh, they didn't change the date on the customer advisory.

{product-title} release 4.14.29, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:3697[RHBA-2024:3697] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:3700[RHSA-2024:3700] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.14.29 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-14-29-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, for {product-title} deployments on {rh-openstack-first}, the `MachineSet` object did not correctly apply the value for the `Port Security` parameter. This meant that the `port_security_enabled` parameter in the {rh-openstack} server's port would have an unexpected value. With this release, the `MachineSet` object applies the `port_security_enabled` flag as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32428[*OCPBUGS-32428*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, for {product-title} deployments on {rh-openstack-first}, the `MachineSet` object did not correctly apply the value for the `Port Security` parameter. This meant that the `port_security_enabled` parameter in the {rh-openstack} server's port had an unexpected value. With this release, the `MachineSet` object applies the `port_security_enabled` flag as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32428[*OCPBUGS-32428*])
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> * Previously, when an `IngressController` was configured with client SSL/TLS, but did not have the `clientca-configmap` finalizer, the Ingress Operator would try to add the finalizer without checking whether the IngressController was marked for deletion. Consequently, if an `IngressController` was configured with client SSL/TLS and was subsequently deleted, the Operator would correctly remove the finalizer. The Operator would then repeatedly, and erroneously, try and fail to update the `IngressController` to add the finalizer back, resulting in error messages in the Operator's logs. With this update, the Ingress Operator no longer adds the `clientca-configmap` finalizer to an `IngressController` that is marked for deletion. As a result, the Ingress Operator no longer tries to perform erroneous updates and no longer logs the associated errors. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-34410[*OCPBUGS-34410*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when an `IngressController` object was configured with client SSL/TLS, but did not have the `clientca-configmap` finalizer, the Ingress Operator tried to add the finalizer without checking whether the `IngressController` object was marked for deletion. Consequently, if an `IngressController` object was configured with client SSL/TLS and was subsequently deleted, the Operator would correctly remove the finalizer. The Operator would then repeatedly, and erroneously, try and fail to update the `IngressController` object to add the finalizer back, resulting in error messages in the Operator logs. With this update, the Ingress Operator no longer adds the `clientca-configmap` finalizer to an `IngressController` object that is marked for deletion. As a result, the Ingress Operator no longer tries to perform erroneous updates and no longer logs the associated errors. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-34410[*OCPBUGS-34410*])
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

Issued: 2024-06-12

{product-title} release 4.14.29, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:3697[RHBA-2024:3697] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:3700[RHSA-2024:3700] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.14.29 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-14-29-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, for {product-title} deployments on {rh-openstack-first}, the `MachineSet` object did not correctly apply the value for the `Port Security` parameter. This meant that the `port_security_enabled` parameter in the {rh-openstack} server's port would have an unexpected value. With this release, the `MachineSet` object applies the `port_security_enabled` flag as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-32428[*OCPBUGS-32428*])

> * Previously, when an `IngressController` was configured with client SSL/TLS, but did not have the `clientca-configmap` finalizer, the Ingress Operator would try to add the finalizer without checking whether the IngressController was marked for deletion. Consequently, if an `IngressController` was configured with client SSL/TLS and was subsequently deleted, the Operator would correctly remove the finalizer. The Operator would then repeatedly, and erroneously, try and fail to update the `IngressController` to add the finalizer back, resulting in error messages in the Operator's logs. With this update, the Ingress Operator no longer adds the `clientca-configmap` finalizer to an `IngressController` that is marked for deletion. As a result, the Ingress Operator no longer tries to perform erroneous updates, and no longer logs the associated errors. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-34410[*OCPBUGS-34410*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, when an `IngressController` was configured with client SSL/TLS, but did not have the `clientca-configmap` finalizer, the Ingress Operator would try to add the finalizer without checking whether the IngressController was marked for deletion. Consequently, if an `IngressController` was configured with client SSL/TLS and was subsequently deleted, the Operator would correctly remove the finalizer. The Operator would then repeatedly, and erroneously, try and fail to update the `IngressController` to add the finalizer back, resulting in error messages in the Operator's logs. With this update, the Ingress Operator no longer adds the `clientca-configmap` finalizer to an `IngressController` that is marked for deletion. As a result, the Ingress Operator no longer tries to perform erroneous updates and no longer logs the associated errors. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-34410[*OCPBUGS-34410*])
```

Reviewer 3: +1. 

/remove-label peer-review-needed
/remove-label peer-review-in-progress
/label peer-review-done
